fly me to the moon
let me get a moment peter i've got a
problem with my computer
uh i don't know very much about
computers
and i'm going out there waiting for me
at the theater
always busy huh okay okay sharon take it
easy
shall we have a look thanks peter
you've got a big heart let's see if i
can help you before you thank me
all right i can't use this program
i use it every day and today it is an
opening
why don't you turn the computer off
and then turn it on again
okay peter that's really a great idea
you're a genius how can i do without you
i know my dear
what are you working on i'm
writing my curriculum because i would
like to find a new job
listen peter i don't know how to write
it
can you help me please
i'm sorry sharon i'm in a hurry i have
no time
i'm late they're waiting for me very
kind as usual
listen peter and alice and i are going
to the cinema this evening
would you like to come i'd like to but i
can't
i have to go to the theater yes
i know you always have something else to
do
no come on sharon what's the problem
maybe you're jealous of my career
oh peter i'm just tired of
always coming second
hey anne houseworker yeah
at last can i ask you a question
sure oh how are you and peter
we're fine thanks listen i want to go to
that book shop
do you remember oh yes
the one with lots of photography books
yeah
and thriller books yeah and with the red
coffee tables and flowers on the windows
yeah where you can sit down and drink a
delicious hot chocolate
yes anne that's the one the london
reader
it's a great place yes
how do i get there um is it far
you can walk from here it's about
10 minutes away great
oh okay let's see
go out the front door and turn left
easy enough go straight ahead
past the traffic lights right straight
ahead past the traffic lights
turn right
into june lane june lane
then follow june lane to the end of the
street
and turn right into may avenue
just a moment turn left on may avenue
no no no turn right
into may avenue and the bookshop
is hi sharon what are you girls talking
about
i'm giving sharon directions for the
london reader
so uh turn right
into may avenue and the bookshop
is the second shop on the left
next to the butchers no anne
sharon the bookshop is on the right past
the museum and between a chemist
and a bank no no jack
you are wrong the bookshop is okay
okay guys be quiet don't worry
i've got my map uh sharon
i can come with you if you don't mind
great that's very kind of you jack
jack housework do you remember
hey alice what are you doing
do you mind giving us a hand with the
housework please
can't you say i'm cleaning the computer
i see i see why is the computer
on just a moment
i don't understand how to connect to the
internet on this computer
can you help me okay
but just for one moment thanks jack
okay click on that icon
what's an icon that symbol on the screen
do you mean this picture of a telephone
yes
click on that right
now what enter your username and
password
okay and click on that button there
click on the button
and now you're connecting to the
internet hey
that's easy it's very easy alice
you are hopeless with computers and with
housework too
come on alice it's time to clean up this
mess now
jack where were you yesterday evening
why there was a great party at mary's
really i wasn't invited
i can't believe that everyone was
invited
i'm sure i wasn't
anyway i was busy yesterday
ah did you have a meeting with some
clients
no i didn't
so what
where were you i was
with robert at the red lion pub
that's impossible robert
was at the party oops
i always get them mixed up i was with
charles
charles was at the party too come on
jack
who are you with you are
too curious alice okay
okay i was with a girl
uh oh and
and what well what's her name
do we know her how old is she stop
alice stop it's none of your business
okay okay you don't want to tell us
that's okay
i like mystery it makes life exciting
well let's change the subject
peter where were you yesterday evening
why weren't you at the party i was at
the theater
we are preparing the performance and
you sharon where were you
me where were you um
i was at a home watching a film on tv
which one
um the latest film starring nicole
kidman
what's the name yes moulin rouge
really that's strange i remember
hey look it's on tv today
really oh they always show the same
stuff
on tv oh don't get up
i'll get the door there's a postcard for
you alice
for me um it's from my father
he was in the bahamas last week really
i was in the bahamas last summer
just you oops
sorry sharon we were in the bahamas last
summer
it was sunny and hot perfect weather for
swimming and relaxing it was fantastic
fantastic yeah fantastic
i'm sure it was
oh i prefer holidays in the winter
it's too hot in the summer
i like going to the mountains and skiing
my last holiday was
two years ago two years ago
yes it was a long time ago
i need another holiday soon
anyway was your father on holiday in the
bahamas alice
no he wasn't he's working on a new play
there
oh how fascinating it must be being a
director
fame money and a lot of traveling around
the world
and no time for family just a few calls
postcards and a lot of misunderstandings
why don't you call him now i don't think
that's a good idea
why when was your last call
three weeks ago that's a long time
come on alice call in
i'm sure he'll be happy to hear from you
well maybe you're right okay
i'll call him thanks jack
for your advice i mean
yes that's exactly what i told him
i sent him an email asking for more
information
no i didn't i'm sorry i i didn't have
enough time today
okay okay i'll call him in 10 minutes
bye hi
jack so
did you have a good day no i didn't
it was a horrible day anne i had a lot
of work to do
first i met some clients in the city we
met at nine o'clock
and finished at two after that i checked
the monthly
loss and profit accounts twice and then
i wrote some letters i am so
tired well now relax
have a glass of wine
you're lucky i'm cooking lasagna
your favorite dish no thanks and i
ate lasagna at lunch oh well
it's not a problem i'll prepare
something else
and after dinner we can watch wimbledon
on tv there's the men's singles match
should be exciting i'm sorry i can't
i have some work to finish and then i'm
going to my
karate gym that's how i relax oh hey
jack just a moment didn't you
notice anything
did you clean the kitchen
no i didn't uh
did you receive your marvelous set of
chinese plates
no jack nothing about the house
it's about me
oh i see you bought a new pair of shoes
didn't you they're very nice
well i have to go now it's late
it doesn't matter go bye
such a waste of time
thanks a lot for the tip on the bookshop
oh my god anne
what's happening here makeup let me see
new hairstyle new dress
you look great at
last somebody noticed my change
it's impossible not to notice it
thanks but what were you talking about
oh i wanted to thank you for the tip on
the bookshop it's a great shop
great i'm glad you liked it i
sitting and drinking a cup of coffee and
looking at the books
yes that's exactly what i did i sat
down ordered a cup of coffee and read
and i found all the books i wanted what
books did you buy
i bought a biography about virginia
woolf
and a book about archaeology
and you what are you doing
i'm trying not to think about all my
problems
so i'm looking at some pictures
can i see them sure
they're pictures of us oh look
look at this one we were in edinburgh
we went for a trip do you remember
yes i do how funny alice was with that
scottish hat
did we go by car no
we didn't we went by train
and at the very last moment peter didn't
come because of the audition
yes as usual
and who's this i don't know him
and that's frank a friend of mine
i met him on holiday in norway
we had a good time together
and afterwards
he went his way and i went my way
yeah that's life
did you have an affair with him no no i
didn't
nothing like that and we were only good
friends
do you keep in touch no we don't
he wrote me a letter five years ago
he sent me an invitation to his wedding
did you go no i didn't
well unfortunately i had a lot of work
and i couldn't get away
hey but this is jack
how smart he looks in this picture yes
yes it does
do you mind and if i keep this picture
with me
i i do mind um
no way i'm sorry sharon but no
why not what do you care about it
and you what do you care about it
hey girls what's happening here
nothing at all
hi sharon what's up
hi jack i'm okay
don't worry everything is just fine
really
i don't think so come on tell me what's
happening
some problems with peter no
well yes but i don't think you're the
right person to talk with
maybe you're right but i can't stand
seeing you so
sad and this
what does it mean don't worry i'm not
leaving forever
my colleague lucy invited me to spend
the weekend at her house
she has a cottage in the countryside
near brighton
we are leaving in the evening right
after work
the countryside is lovely there i hope
so
i need a break
living with peter's getting hard
he's so nervous about his concert
he can only think and talk about that
he seems miles away and as for his music
he's excessive he goes on singing
all day long he doesn't speak with me
anymore
he sings with me sharon
can you pass me the salt please
i like it when you smile
i think a weekend in the countryside is
exactly what you need
i didn't know you liked the country so
much are you joking
i love the countryside it's so
quiet and relaxing a lot of people think
it's boring
well they don't know what they're
missing
what jack are you using cliches now
like the countryside is safe and the
city is dangerous
or the country is clean and the city is
dirty and don't forget the country is
cheap too yes there's that too
the city is very expensive just think
how much the rent is for this apartment
don't remind me i have to pay mine
tomorrow morning
well jack it was good talking with you
you make me laugh
sometimes i think about us
about how we were together once
we were
we are a wonderful couple
don't forget it all right
[Music]
oh hi jack do you have a moment
i always have time for you anne
can i ask you a question sure how can i
help you
well i need your advice
i want to buy a new car ah you should
buy
a fast expensive sports car
come on i can't afford a sports car
my car's old it's too
big and it's difficult to drive
very good reasons to buy a new car yes
i'd like to buy a small
stylish car that's not too expensive
a small stylish car that's not too
expensive
and for young people of course
you shouldn't buy a car for old people
so what car should i buy
i don't understand anything about cars
well what about buying a ferrari
are you joking just kidding
let me think oh
can i have a look
how about this car
it's nice isn't it
expensive all cars are expensive these
days
by the way did you hear about sharon
yes i met peter in the afternoon
he told me they had a quarrel but
i don't think we should worry about it
do you
um maybe we should
what do you think of sharon ann
she's very pretty yes
she is
what about me jack
do you think i'm good looking come on
anne
well you are very attractive do you
really think so
yes anne you are always
on my mind oh oh damn i'm sorry
doesn't matter jack
stop you really should stop smoking
started let's get started for
store her studies working in a
department store
for station can you tell me how to get
to the subway station
fantastic their performance was
really fantastic lobster have you ever
eaten lobster
plastic this is a plastic cup
tourist bangkok is one of the most
famous tourist attractions
in thailand guest
she was the guest of honor in our event
last night
and the last one scientist i hope to
become a scientist
wash your hands before eating
if you want to be clean just wash your
hands before you eat
anything wash your hands
before eating maybe if you are
a mom you can talk to your children
before eating
watch your sih and after that
is why you can link them together what
sure what sure wash your hands
before eating this one hands
um american english you can pronounce
hands
for british english you can pronounce
hans
okay wash your hands before eating
eating you can say eating or eating the
same
because tea that is not stress you can
pronounce as sub
d so eating or eating
watches she washes her hair
every day finish finishes
you have to finish your homework
if you want to play video game she
almost finishes her project she almost
finishes her project
300 people were killed killed it you can
link him together kill them 300 people
were killed in that
plane crash there were two car crashes
in my city city or city the same
yes remember as yesterday
yesterday there were two car crashes in
my city yesterday you can link them
together
there were two car crashes in my city
yesterday
mom wears my toothbrush
tooth brush mom where's my toothbrush
toothbrushes we need to buy four new
toothbrushes push the door and come in
or the doran can mean you can link them
together
please push the door and come in the
english
teacher the english teacher really
pushes her students short
shot my mom is
pretty short and overweight
my mom is pretty pretty that means
quiet or kind of short
you know not tall overweight if someone
is overweight
that means that person is kind of fat
or too heavy
my mom my mom is living them together my
mom is
pretty don't say pretty remember
pretty but you can say pretty but
remember tea
that is not stressed you can pronounce
as d
da pretty pretty
short and overweight
overweight my mom is pretty short and
overweight
i got some great shots of
my brother at his wedding
that means
at my brother's wedding i
took some really beautiful photographs
of him
so i can say i got i got some great hair
remember if a word
ending in t or
d and after that is the
word begins with a consonant you don't
have to pronounce that t
or d so i got i got
i got some great shots
i got some great short so okay
great shorts up great remember girl
great great shot shots up
my brother
brother at his
wedding